Please you mind with yourself for picking
up managed payments yesterday by
Cashiering handle that signed a bit
differently from the UK. It's all that.
That was a good base to land,
if that's OK.
Yeah. And we talked about the dispatch,
yeah.
Oh, I mean, two reasons,
many reasons that I'm aware of that we
process it,
those invoices in different teams.
One that's a bit more of a traditional
view of how Australian AP is structured
in general. So all law firms.
In Australia,
you would generally find the accounts
payable team process all types of
invoices rather than separating out the
different types,
whereas over the UK the cashiers,
because the majority of the work that
cashier Cashiering team does a law firm
is to do with client monies to do.
With legal matters to do with receiving
funds from received from both from
clients, and that has it's developed,
that's kind of it. Naturally,
in that their process as well so.
That's really why why we've done it like
that at the end of the day, OK,
anything else you want to add on?
The cost to be processed in the UK set of
cashiers as well,
because regulatory and they'll see about
regulatory environments in SRA,
although we will charge costs on to our
client that we will not pay those costs
until the client pays us as soon as the
client pays us.
The clock starts ticking that we have to
then pay those funds out to the 4th party
and and this came that all doing money
set in Asha.
So an account is considered to client's
money.
So we want to manage that to make sure
this process properly and if there's any
problems we would then share the money
from Asha.
So an account to a client account.
So if it's all called,
didn't miss on Earth,
make it with the requirements you know,
I'll think say it quite a few times today.
That's fine.
And that's so that's different from
Australia. So that's yeah.
So I was going to say because Josh
mentioned previously.
That what things can be streamlined and
what we can't streamline so just a bit
back a little bit of a backdrop is that
we in the UK are governed by SRA and we
have like external audits and like proper
key audits on the caching process.
Whereas in Oz you don't have one
regulatory body covering the whole of
laws, it's split across the five states.
And so there's a difference between the
regulation or regulatory requirements
between laws and UK.
But at the same time in OS,
there are five jurisdictions which the
guys have to follow and so there will be
slight smaller differences in in their
requirements as well.
And but then there are some key
differences between OS and the UK.
So there are layers.
So that's where you will see that Tom
quite often regulatory.
Requirement but then it doesn't mean that
she would and I would have the same
requirement as Martin. But again,
it would be interesting to understand
that as a best practise,
can we adopt each or vice versa.
You know of of the regulatory
requirements or can we streamline that or
not but there will be some challenges in
doing that as well.
People decides. Yeah. OK.
And your workflow could possibly,
you know,
maybe start saying that you're processing
and then it splits to meet that
regulatory and get that work on these.
com all day. Now regulatory for that,
you're still it's still an action of
meeting. You know,
whichever country you're in your chair
meeting.
I think standards I think yes,
that is a state potentially and then
composed and then maybe there's
differences that we can capture,
but it can still be a state as it doesn't
say. But yeah,
so typically you have this kind of global
standard that you apply,
but you might have a certain task that
you might need to trigger because it
needs certain additional details from a
regulatory compliance perspective.
As well,
so we we we have base foundation global
standards and then the offshoots are to
allow for the the regulatory pieces as
well,
yes and but in some of the key processes
like payments as well like we were
talking like yesterday and our team is
able to process the payment over there
like 3 people within the finance.
But whereas over here.
It's just me. Yeah,
because the whole of the final.
So because that is a regulatory
requirement that these guys can't process
and and you know somehow the.
To be the Chief Finance Office works as
well. It's it's like more on the UK side.
If there's more strictness compared to in
the OS because of whatever the reason
would be the the,
the ways of working basically which we
would want to change if there is a,
there's a possibility and.
But again,
there's a big mindset difference in the
way the partners would expect a pavement
to be dealt with,
and also compared to over a year. Yeah.
Listen, Sir. Yeah. As you said,
you're bound by, you know,
regulatory or compliance issues legal,
you know, you through your work there,
you have to comply to that. So.
It's something that you probably as you
said, you can't change necessarily,
but it will still be a common workflow
state, you know comply,
but everyone's call it.
But because of your assignment groups,
you would logically service that would
logically give you.
Naturally, what's applicable to yourself?
What's applicable to Australia?
And then once that's completed,
then flows back into the global view and
then it continues as well. Yeah. Yeah.
And both both the teams,
both the locations,
they are very dynamic in terms of
implementing any changes.
The reason is because.
Because we are heavily scrutinised from
our external auditors,
so whatever audit recommendations would
be, we would straight away jump on it,
we would try and fix that.
That's I shouldn't say.
But in that context I'm not concerned
about whether my process is global or not.
Because it is such a high risk process,
I want to make sure my process is more
compliant in that jurisdiction or not
coming. I mean stream streamlining.
That is my second salinity.
If there's an option,
but I'm not with other teams. Yes,
I am focused on that.
But with this team like no,
you have to hit your regulatory for
process, yes.
Exactly. Yeah. Because it's heavy,
heavily regulated, you know,
and these guys,
they speak to the general consuls day in,
day out, every day, and then, you know,
there's a lot more of risk over here.
But with the big depend effect,
the work they do and I feel proud and
saying that in both the locations.
The external audit has been spotless.
We are termed Azure's cashiering.
Services are termed as one of one of the
best in among the lead among the
competitors. I mean this is not us.
This is like Deloitte and our external
just testing us. Yeah.
So I guess the principle that we need to
show that.
Particularly,
this function is about how to respond to
audit and compliance,
and then as the global piece and
standardisation is a second priority
rather than that as a principle, yes,
I mean now, although as we said,
we're looking at workflow,
it doesn't simplify actually it can
empower your supporting evidence for that
audit trail.
So I want to give that message now.
I've been clear that it's not stripping
down the functionality,
it actually enhanced it more.
So you can go in and there's that
checklist that you've got, as you said,
when you're audited,
you've got metrics to support that.
You know,
they weren't added after the event.
You know, you can see that.
Actually we didn't retrospect.
I mean there will be gaps afterwards.
It's actually during a time stamp
supporting influence.
It's all there for taking operationally.
There will be few points,
few dots to join.
Hence Chris is here as well.
He's from credit control.
But then there is a process which
overlaps between credit control and
cashiers.
In both the locations and then the team
do work hand in hand,
so you know those are the areas which we
would kind of like say yeah, OK,
how can ServiceNow, you know,
give us that bandwidth to kind of like
you know have a better ways of work in.
Yes for that check. Absolutely. Yep,
that's good.
OK, so I did see on that.
Note that actually all the processes were
captured in two,
unlike evening and the best accounts
payable we had a portfolio of processes
that we could combine. We could see them.
Actually in cashewing they were two
different files,
but we brought them together for
conversation.
Now you may say these are our differences
and that's actually perfectly fine
because we can, as you said,
it's an audit and the regulatory
importance on this.
I I mean this is sort of the services
that we have.
I've seen all the sort of client accounts,
the trustee accounts,
lots of managed pin up systems as well
that offers accounting and managing that
money.
Within the office. So if you don't mind,
I sort of thought maybe we could start
with the client and travel account
management.
Would that be a natural place to start?
It's definitely important. Yeah.
If the key tasks that fall outside of a
traditional cashiering task.
Where we're seeing like the ad hoc
billing support in OPS, yeah,
that is exclusively Australia,
where specific teams in the UK to do
those tasks.
So you'll have the billing team later on
this week that will cover some of that
billing support that the cashiers in
Australia.
Your team do just because we,
as the Australian partners,
manage their billing differently to the
UK.
So we've got one central billing team in
the UK to build.
It's all localised with the partners and
their EAS to do the billing so.
There's no all billing function in
Australia,
but there needs to be billing support and
we haven't seen there's been a need to
have it extended.
Only team in Australia so that sits with
cashiers. Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah.
Really well explanation. That's good.
OK.
Because globally I'm like that's billing,
you know? Yeah.
So we did not file to clarify,
there will be some crossover with all the
other teams that you'll probably see this
week,
next week and it's just because of the
size of Australia and.
Versus size of the UK and and set up a
point. Yeah.
And that's reassuring to hear is even if
we go through the workshops.
But the functions aren't mutually
exclusive, you know, they're not there.
So with nice neat swim lanes,
there is that dependency as a end to end
process. So yeah, that's good. OK,
so as we said,
so I've put in this client and traffic
account management,
there's probably client management,
classic account management which say
they're two.
Separate things,
but I've combined them as sort of service,
but maybe we could speak to that and
you've got multiple process,
some of them queries,
some of them controlled money interest,
but we just talk maybe at both levels for
the UK and Australia,
your processes go through that to date.
Yeah.
On a trust account,
the same thing exactly. OK,
just to clarify now, OK,
as I went through the processes,
it was just it's terminal actually the
world they were called,
but it's ineffective the same thing.
So just the UK calls blind accounts was
called trust account. Yeah, that's it.
Yeah.
And would you therefore moving forward as
a?
Terminal as a service.
You should call it traffic help,
measure or client, because it's actually.
I've always had this debate with the
partners wherever you are in the world
will have their preference. Yeah.
Or it's an Australian.
Like we're just thinking,
I'm happy to call the client money
because I know.
That that's very clash. So yeah,
purely clanked money in that if anything
else goes in, it's a breach.
Just one thing to factor in that is if
you're going to have inputs from.
You know parts or PES and they're going
to be going into the dashboard and they
go panel.
It just needs to be relative to the
ceremonology for that region. Yeah,
absolutely. Gloves and appreciate that.
But there needs to be the partners needs
to know what they're thinking about it.
They might not know it. Yeah, I know.
It's very simple to ask, but.
So Catherine will will wonderful world
very, very softest challenge later. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it's but not the factory.
Just so you're aware. Well,
I've I've come both then. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. OK good.
So if you just talk to that closely today.
So you.
Is there a creative old onboarding or
where's the immature trigger of that
account management?
Or where does it come from? Councillor?
What about the client?
You're saying the client account? Yes.
Do you have to manage any of the accounts
set up or you're just managing the
transactional side?
The the DMA involves so a control money's
account involves an account creation,
but you guys are UK doesn't have that
many of them. Australia has more.
He depends on interest rates and end up
using the water or this often.
But I mean premises,
we've got accounts set up already like
the main accounts are set up and you just
deal with the transactions that go
through those accounts.
But from time to time we will have to set
up some accounts we've got.
Banking platforms that was just to do
that, but from what you were saying,
no on board and you know that we we're
not involved with that,
that's that's sort of kind of apartment
level to on board their own clients and
decide if accounts need to be used for
transactional properties and then that's
when we get brought into they do all that
yeah that's been done before.
And so is there a situation where you
know you're managing money and you sort
of think other accounts doesn't exist or
it's not active or is there any of those
cheques that come into that?
I'd say it's it.
There's nothing that's an account doesn't
exist.
It would be that we have to be careful
that a legal matter is open before we can
receive client money into our account.
That's probably the main thing.
If we cannot accept client money into our
accounts.
If the matter is not open because it just
means it hasn't gone through recent.
Clients. It hasn't gone through its QA,
so OK,
does everybody understand what client is?
So with the explanation, yeah,
maybe ensuring explanation.
So we've got, as we said,
client a trust account and then we've got
him office sort of farm account is that
we use Australia.
So the office and farm account is like
Ashes,
own money like we get our bills paid,
all that money comes in today and that
belongs to us.
But as a client account has money that
belongs to a client and it's held and
it's on separate accounts.
So it's ring fenced from ashes money and
it's protected by the banks.
So for law firms to go to business,
for example,
all the money that's held for clients has
kind of safeguarded and kept them half
those clients.
So I guess a layman's tale for that is.
If you were buying a house,
you bought a house for, say, quarter £1,
000,000, you've got to put in £100,
000 deposit.
You there would be a you'd be set up as a
client on a best specific matter opened
up for you to do with the house that
you're purchasing you would send.
The £100,
000 deposit into a client account and I'd
be allocated against your matter,
but although certainly national account
is still your money on the day of the
House sale, you would get another £150,
000 from the bank that you're getting a
mortgage from and that quarter of a
million pounding gets sent to the
solicitors of the person selling the
House.
And so that money risk realised and then
rested.
Other clients solicitor until it's all
distributed. OK.
I don't know if that's a you saw an
explanation. So of that analogy. Yeah,
right.
I don't know if you guys are the Cass
regulations like with the OR any of the
banks like in the UK coming by the FCA so
like.
The client money for see,
we deal back to investment back.
So the cast regulations it's,
it's very identical to those,
but it's more stringent because over here
the lawyers or the solicitors or the
partners,
they have the privilege to take the money
on those matters on the cases on behalf.
Of the client.
And whereas you know for the retail
investment bank,
you're depositing your own investment,
but over here you are taking money from A
to give it to B or the matter of closure.
You know,
once the deal signs off the the rules
over here are slightly more stringent.
The sound like the like we were talking
yesterday. For one invoice,
one payment and then there's business
rules that exclude that.
So this is the matter has to be active in
all prior to any money being transferred.
Yeah. And you can have multiple masses,
presumably for that. Yeah,
for that client. So I'm sorry. Sorry.
I'm just going a step back.
You asked that.
How does these account get set up?
And also when there is a client
discussion happening or when there's a
deal happening, etcetera, etcetera,
there is a form called new business
initiative form,
nvi from what we call so the front.
The.
We will be initiating those discussions
in on different teams in a bit with the
client the the form is some 6017 and 90
page long as well.
So that will capture some of the banking
details and then some of the tick boxes
like you know are you able to process on
as well as such and such bank,
what people etcetera,
etcetera that goes through this can
comply.
And so CG, the whole thing.
So that gets signed off and that is also
kind of like secure like all all the
terms and references and engagement
letters and everything is they're done
and tested before the actual transaction
would would come in play.
Where do they store all the patterns?
There's a library,
I just as a library which stores all
those client documents you know.
So then all matters and all the work is
set up through a chat so that this case
all the information,
not just with large account inflation,
everything you say about that matter,
second class can go and do the record
corrects.
Do you ever going to need to get the
accounts payable, content,
anything you need to generally gathered
in those forms and all that information
figures through?
Various systems we have, OK.
That the guys don't see that,
but of course it's a engagement letter
which requires like, say,
somebody's authorised signatories et
cetera, to be verified, you know,
in in for a transaction then you know
they would have access to it.
But that step is already done,
invested before we will start processing
the things you know. So type of process.
There is a there is.
There's a situation where we would
process it. If the market is not wide,
but we will go through that if it comes,
you know? Yeah. OK.
So in terms of how you see your request,
I know that we've got some.
Trust. Sorry,
sorry to so it's something this the
source of truth.
The client numbers and things that will
in tap.
Yes, I mean it's also proof for what,
sorry.
So we we said onboarding clients is until
we use is it at that point they get given
a client number I think so it's something
like a clue more number or something.
Yeah well it assigns it to a parent group.
So client might be assigned to like a
Barclays.
US boxes Scotland doctor England,
for example,
any groups together in one clue which is
overarched,
but the actual setup of those clients
goes into 350.
I think the numbers are individually
identified at three level.
I think that's where they're signed,
but that's a probably an IT question or
not.
All right,
it does it down to a massive client level,
so I think,
but that's probably to check the
integrations bit between King, SAP and 3D,
we had to send the conversation on the
billing, didn't we?
I think I think that the the client and
the clue know is established in intact
because I think you could link them,
but I think the actual assignment of the
physical.
Number you know client number one I think
is done 3 and I think when intact you can
pick up see you have a client and you're
going to pick the from the drop down list
of clients and it'll give you a linked
clue note.
And I think that pulls from three itself.
So I think as far as I know the two
integration,
but it's probably I see integrating
conversation.
Yeah.
OK, thank you. OK.
So we can see that there's lots of
requests that you get and you get them
today who chair one or how or e-mail.
So what type of being to come into your
box and your activity that you have to
process.
So I think you've got like controlled on
the account query.
Control money,
account interest and all money accounts,
so there is this control money account
set up in there.
So we're probably going through those
sort of different tasks that you've been,
you know received to be processed daily
bank.
I think that maybe we can talk about
reconciliation as a.
Item,
But there's lots of pity if I look at it.
Sort of.
It's that probably the work involved is
complex, essentially with that,
but to go through one sort of the
workflow, so how you?
Get your requests coming in and what they
look like,
those types of the breasts for that.
With.
Where do you want to start?
Start to start.
It's we started on the back of the,
you know, the types of payments. Yeah,
maybe. Yeah, that's it. Yeah.
So of business charges maybe in should we
do incoming?
How it's should we start with just a
standard.
Client money's incoming. Yeah,
it's just an incoming process. Yeah. Yeah.
Start with for client money's incoming.
We get an e-mail. Yeah, show up.
And sell off the we're expecting money to
come into in Australia,
we have to be told which trust account it
has to come into.
So Australia has four separate trust
accounts, Melbourne, Brisbane, Sydney,
Perth.
And that's because that's where our
office our offices are based and as
standard said before,
they're governed by separate
jurisdictions. So they four or five,
I was thinking here before,
we've got ones closed now. Oh, OK,
because I'm thinking that each of them
relates to those five.
Right. Yeah, poor, poor.
Now thankfully 1 less, but each. Yeah,
we have to have our four separate
accounts.
We have to know which trust account it
comes into.
So APE generally is the one that's
contacting sends an e-mail saying we're
expecting $100,000.
Is coming into Melbourne trust account.
It's going to be from this person and
it's going to come around this date. OK,
that's the bare minimum that we need.
We cashiers will then if it we haven't
received it with the e-mail.
So there is a trust receipt.
Form that we require that has the matter
information on it, all of the war,
where what trust account is coming into
and and how much we're expecting to come
as well as some client information as
well.
So that we can then match that off the
bank statement when it comes in provided
by the PE yeah provide that's provided by
the PE so.
The ideal is that that comes we attached
with the e-mail that we get because we
also want to make sure that we're cross
checking what's in the form is also
what's in the e-mail and that's what's
we're expecting to be in our bank account.
So it's almost like 3 way check that we
do.
If we do not have that form received
initially,
then we send that back to the PA to
complete before we receive that funds.
So I mean the form or checklist or
something available at that point would
be helpful. Yeah. And I thought you said,
just say that point I think you mentioned
the checklist that you.
They have so that when the P instead of
sends you an e-mail.
Obviously we're talking about replacing
it with ServiceNow.
They're going to request that or
interrupt me at any time.
So you can have that on the post your
checklist.
So you get as much information from PE or
and they tend to be.
People that request that we it's open to
anybody,
so a subset of the only people that pull
the request,
anyone can send you an e-mail saying
we're expecting money and trust.
But the PES.
So PES are the partner executive sisters.
They're the ones that are the closest to.
Yeah. Yeah.
Like it's either them or the partners
will know in the first instance to that
the client is ending up smiling.
So that's why they're the first people to
contact us to let us know on the occasion
a lawyer might.
But the PE is most often the the person
of the request,
but we probably wouldn't wanna lock that
down from lawyers, et cetera,
to be able to do that,
they need to be able to do that. No,
I said, like anyone can let us know,
but not everyone knows that that's
happening. Yeah.
OK, OK, so that request form can be,
you know available,
but then you will receive rather than
receiving an e-mail today that could be
populated with your checklist.
So you get that information upfront in
order to, you know,
be informed that that's money's coming in.
Steve,
does that have to be approved so the PDS
can just do that on their own back or
does that have to be approved by a
partner say this is coming or you just
have the PE word for everything because
they're the PE partner? Yeah.
On the form that is section first
signature. So the partners like, yeah,
I'm expecting this to come in but
essentially.
There's nothing for us to do until the
money actually hits our account.
And you don't know that the money's going
to be coming in unless someone's told you
that the money's coming in.
It's more there's more regulations for us
to have formal approvals for the money to
be lifted out of our trust account rather
than coming in.
We just need supporting documentation to
confirm where the money needs to go,
where it should have been received into,
like what account it was supposed to come
into so that we can make sure that
everything is has been received against
the right client.
And exactly we don't have anything that
would would ask anybody to sign off of a
key executives of a premium lawyer.
We just accepted from the answer to what?
And it says when the money is getting
paid out again,
that's when the Parliament gets involved.
And we're the same.
We've we've got some sort of a question.
We've got a table.
We ask people to complete with
information that we require.
And they send that across to us.
We crossed once it arrives,
we cross check that just been looks
correct and we simply wait for the money
to come in. We can check this. Yeah.
But we can probably uniform that. Yeah.
I think we'd be asking for the same type
of information probably the main
difference would just be what account
yeah.
Because UK has got one UK has got one.
Jurisdiction.
But we do have model potential different
services and so it's similar but slightly
different would they know,
but is that something you decide post
receiving the receipt rather than the PE
or the the lawyer or junior lawyer
knowing that yeah, they would,
they would know.
After what transacted for for us,
the director transacted in pounds,
EUR or U.S. dollars,
so they would know transacted in that
currency. Working details to hand out.
But we we could get an e-mail.
And if the money due to arrive and then
there was time we could get an e-mail and
the money doesn't come for 3-4 months.
So they're just kind of over and around
or.
I don't know if you just get it, Anna,
but we quite often never get an e-mail at
all. Yeah,
we we don't get an e-mail or same thing.
Like we'll get an e-mail. Yes.
For example,
a random 260 million appeared in an
account and nobody told us anything about
this.
So we'll then scrambling about to figure
out what it's for. So.
I was just going to live. Sorry. No,
just ask the question.
I was going to ask about the bank account,
so your requester will know which bank
account it is to go into when they send
the request. Yeah. If it's a repeat,
if it's like it's you're normally the
same client that are utilising the trust.
So if they use the trust account.
Months before they'll have the bank
details for us already,
and you think tends to be the same,
lawyers brought them using the account,
so they know what counting is.
But we do occasionally get someone
reaching out to seeing.
We've got to see what happened next week.
Can you provide us with the account
details?
We always prefer that they come to ask us
for account details now other than them
being readily available, because when,
like way back when when I first started
over a decade ago,
account details are on Internet and
people picked on account.
So we were getting client money paid in
our office.
We'd say more like case of like UK.
US or something like that.
You would want on the form because we
don't want to have actual bank numbers.
I'm just trying to cancel on the form for
the request there so they would
understand because we want to,
if we're handling our details,
we want to make sure they've got the
correct pages rather than them guessing
and selecting another one. Yeah.
Currency and location with you,
so the requester maybe should challenge
it so it would know on the request that
in location Australia or you know to pick
up the requesters location and then when
they're.
Doing that form, they're saying, you know,
maybe your for jurisdictions or for the
UK,
which currencies he's in and that
naturally not saying naturally infers,
but that channels the way in which goes
in which account it will go to.
So you're picking up that information,
is that the UK based on currency,
sterling?
Do sometimes allow our account to be used
for offices outside of the UK would also
need to be considered if you would use an
allocation point that says automatic
selection of the combination of. Yeah,
I mean.
And I was saying that it's like routing
them to the assignment group or pick it
up to do that. OK, that's this.
We've got them access to coming in.
They can do that checklist comply with
that. So just.
But do they know which four accounts that
they or is that something that you do?
Post post. No.
The PES should know what client account,
what account it's coming into,
because generally it's based on what
location they're in. So OK,
a matter can only be linked.
With should only be linked with a local
trust Ledger,
so someone in Brisbane should only be
able to link the Brisbane Trust account
Ledger to their Nutter we've got.
Got limitations in 3A to prevent a
Melbourne trust Ledger being linked to a
Brisbane math based matter, but I mean OK,
you let me do have the money going to the
wrong account,
but that's from the that's about.
I had our control.
That's someone giving the wrong account
details. And do you get the PE?
So we've got one to one to one request
and one knowledge that these monies are
coming in. Would, Pete,
you ever get situation for the PE of
saying on your e-mail that you get today?
Multiple. You know,
this is expected On this date.
There's another one of another,
or is it very much one to one requests
that you get?
I'm just thinking about that.
They can do one request form for multiple
informations that they're giving you in
Australia.
It's more common that we would receive
multiple deposits on the same day rather
than.
Multiple deposits going across multi days
that makes sense. Sorry.
Similar to Martin's example,
before using property settlement we have
an offer,
a couple of officers that do manage
number of properties.
So you might see 12 deposits of the same
amount of money coming in on the same day,
but it might be relative to across a
couple of different matters based on what
the properties are.
So that's more likely to happen in
Australia, right?
So even though they've been deposited on
the same, you might have had.
Multiple requests that's informing you
that they were coming in. Yeah. Yeah.
So the e-mail would have.
I've got 12 deposit amounts of $1000 each
coming in isn't that matters,
but I've got they have to have.
In separate form for each deposit.
So there'd be 12 attachments on that
e-mail for me.
Who can handle that multiple? I mean,
Mark,
we've talked about before that it would
allow the requester user answer like
almost like multiple yeah rows.
I mean if they're the same thing,
maybe if they're 12 deposits.
And then it can be because they're
they're.
But I have specific property references
on it. Yeah.
So that's why we need the 12 the the 12
forms to specify which deposit and which
property goes with which matter.
If it goes across a couple of different
matters. And that's something that.
That comes up in our audit that we have
to have that paperwork provided for every
single trust receipt. Yeah.
So that's about the watering evidence
that we talked about.
But there is that one to one relationship.
Yeah. Yeah.
Generally we will get requests per matter,
so we'll get one e-mail saying we're
expecting money in for this matter and
this only comes as one payment or it may
come as five separate payments,
but it's one request per matter.
Generally,
rather than you're getting 12 and then
one go for different matters do do you
ever get multiple though?
Very, very, very rarely. You know,
maybe if someone you know, I'm going.
It's too.
Lots of money in June for these two miles.
And I've just put it in one e-mail and I
think it's just because of requested two
different clients to pay.
Probably prior to that e-mail.
It's just to save time,
but very rarely happens.
The requested one.
We can handle that can handle them. Yeah,
it's probably that if we have that
checklist,
the moment you've got the form that they
complete and will be attached,
it's that checklist. And then.
As we're just saying, Chris,
that it's that inferred approval that's
come from the partner or somebody,
so would a checklist be enough supporting
evidence that's been replacing the the
form that you have the checklist be
sufficient that they've included the
following?
I think so,
as long as there's we've got the all of
the tracks. Yeah. As I said,
we just need to we at the moment we
essentially that 3 way check of matching
the information on the form with the
information,
the e-mail is the same and the
information that turns up on our bank
statement that the right person is.
Paying us into the right account and
using the same references and we're
putting it on the right matter.
So that's generally why we have that form
in that e-mail,
make sure that we're allocating it the
right in the right place.
So if we have the checklist that has the
same type of information that we need,
that would be fine. Cool.
I'm back to and then I'm sort of jumping
a little bit ahead,
but just dealing with the requester.
Do you then inform them?
Do you need to pay back anything to
because they told you that to expect the
money?
Is there a sort of remittance or anything
you have to notify back to the PE or the
requester the money has been received?
Yeah, yeah, as well. Yeah. OK.
So when the money comes in,
there is a once the money has been
received onto the matter,
there's a trust receipt PDF that's
generated and we send that back to say
it's been receipted.
This is how much it was on this matter.
So that that's our confirmation to say
that we've put it in the right place and
you should be seeing it.
We simply just tell them that when he's
arrived,
we don't do that and it's just the script
there.
I was just going to explain how they need
to see,
do they need to see that remittance or
that idea.
I just think is a notification sufficient
P the P is requested from a client
perspective because clients might be
asking.
To have a receipt or confirmation that
we've received it and oh OK.
Everyone,
everyone in the pools wondering what's
going on.
I mean the the receipt PDFs are auto
generated from three a so that generally
just gets pulled out of 3A and sent.
I can't remember if it's either sent
directly from three or sent an e-mail.
Probably could be done both ways.
That must be a jurisdiction from them,
because that that doesn't happen here. OK,
I don't think it's.
It's not a requirement. It's nice to have.
It's something that generally peers and
clients are asking us for. Yeah.
So also there's no.
So once that is done,
you're saying 3E generates that PDF and
notifies? That's probably.
That mechanism we can use it then notify.
I mean it could be that as you go through
this.
Amounts going off today as we go through
that process of that,
you've got the requests,
you know when he's coming in,
so it then gets assigned to your
appropriate routes in Australia with the
UK.
What other once you've received it and
you've got that request in your queue in
service now what?
Information.
Then you need to check against that.
Or is it? Is it just information only?
We're now waiting it to have to check in
the bank cheque that the bank is active
or so when we get a request,
we will make sure that the matter is
active.
And quite often matters can be kind of
partially open so that lawyers.
They start recording time,
but they're not fully open yet because
I'm not going to fill the compliance
cheques and and they should not be
getting any money into an account until
such time that it marks fully opened.
But and that's. Is that right? Yeah. So.
I mean,
that's one thing we can look at that
other than the manual check later on that
there's a matter associated integration
to service now.
But it'd be amazing if they could put in.
This is a matter number.
The money relates to and then service
payer works at freeing says actually this
matter is not opened yet.
So don't get that.
That sorted before you ask for any money
to come in integration. Yeah,
it's a check with from the East.
I'm just thinking,
I don't want this behaviour change,
but also check this step with the
passwords. Yeah,
we will take the use case away with the
discretion. That's pop. Not. Yeah,
the whole session of integration.
In the way about the changes also. Yeah.
So the reason if you take the matter and
it just says no, yes,
kind of it could be the as you said the
part of that checklist, the PE cheques,
the matter is active for your.
And the team that's already been pre
checked and even if you're just marking
that bit of homework that it's been
checked,
I I'm making excuses for these guys here,
but I don't think they'll check properly
because every time we go back to them
saying we've received money for this
matter and it's not opened yet, they go,
we get an e-mail two months ago from
compliance to say it was opened.
So now you get an e-mail from compliance
to say it's open for time recordings,
so I don't think they would physically go
into the system to check.
I think they would rely on what defence
in our head already for whatever it is,
that's what we change the capture that,
that they check it.
Yeah,
I think if we can build it into their
processes and it's it would catalyst to
try and create some change,
it will be very, I agree,
but definitely difficult to get that
across in Australia as well.
But I think it would be beneficial for
both chains to save us some time. Yeah.
Sorry, sorry. As we go through today,
it's worthwhile and things like that,
maybe that's the kind of stuff to join
and capture from a change management
perspective and then we'll work with
stakeholders or certain groups of people
around what changes or state changes they
may need doing their own processing
etcetera so.
I have to work that for you, joy with us,
as you said,
and it could be leading you know,
is it different from time,
you know as well you can always leave
them that they check with it. OK,
it's active. It's open.
But it's for this purpose.
Yes,
you're leading the means that it might be
looking.
It's a double double check that it's
differentiating it.
It might be that we can specify that the
status must be active. Yeah,
I can't remember.
It's like because I think pending QA is
probably the most common status that.
The matters have where lawyers can record
their time, but we can't.
We still can't accept the cheques,
the trust monies.
So I give you some state. Yeah,
I think that's where. Or Karen?
I mean,
we can we can build that like almost like
a a question to yes,
I think it's a leading but yes,
but in the future it would be that's
going to go actually for the free you can
do that scan and go actually get to see
all the different accounts and bills and
what kind of accounts and go yeah,
because it's actually now you can raise
the request but.
But you can't set that one. And what?
Yeah, that's possible. Yeah.
that Lady question would be,
I suppose we have been some screenshots.
OK, so saying that, for example,
even the checklist that leaving question
and double checked, etcetera.
That's great.
So you have that that could be up on your
flight. Yes, you know,
and then what other texts do you have to
do? So you, as you said,
you might mark their homework,
that they've done that.
So you've double checked that. Yes.
What we said is correct.
Rid of confidence that they're doing it
correctly. And then what additional?
Motion to you. Add to that, do you?
We I feel all the information of provided
looks fine.
We would just kind of leave that request
pending until such time that the money
comes in money comes in and all still
matches up we would let them that the
money is in and.
That's that's that. Basically,
the money would sit there until such
times that it needs to be used and paid
back out again, and that could be seconds,
so it could be years.
Just depends on the specific matter.
But as part of money coming into our
client account.
We do have the option to open up an
interest account for the clients so that
the money earns interest on their behalf,
came while it's waiting to get paid out,
but that's on a matter by matter basis.
It's not for every single matter we leave
that decision up to the fear and as if
they want to.
Accrued interest or not,
that's what the control money. Yeah.
So the P doesn't look like that is
something you would do. That's something.
That's something we would do.
So it's one of the questions we ask on
the table.
Would you like to earn interest?
And if they say yes,
we would separately go away and open up
that account without any more involvement
for them. And do you?
Is that our problem on the these requests
that are coming in basis or is that our
upfront when they're setting up these
accounts in Australia,
it's generally for us,
it's generally the same partner.
So for our we would not ask.
A lot of clients,
whether they want their money in a
controlled money account and that there's
a bank key for partners that generally
would because they it's to do with
property settlements and purchase of
properties.
So the clients want their money to earn
interest while they're waiting for the
settlement to go through.
That could be anywhere between six months
to 10 years kind of thing.
We've had money sitting in a controlled
money account for eight years at the
moment just earning interest and you have
multiple deposits into that, but.
Australia leaves that up to the partner
to decide.
We don't do any leading questions about
it. That is,
we do have on our table how much you
expect and who's it from.
What matter is it related to and would
you like to an interest if they say no,
we do nothing further. If they say yes,
we open up a specific interest account
for that client.
But that wouldn't be back on the back of
receiving these requests.
That is the fact that an interest account
has been opened.
So when the money goes in,
it goes into a particular interest
account.
So we we've got all money comes into like
the main trust account.
But if we have to open an interest
account, we syphon it out.
Of the trust account and keep it and that
interest account so we can have any
number of interest accounts on any given
day because the open and close on a daily
basis.
But then that when the money is ready to
be paid out,
we move it back out of the interest
account into a main client account and
then it gets transacted out from there.
So if we take that new head coming in,
affecting money,
if you'd have new work in progress,
you know,
because you might do for check that check
that lead Matthew is active,
that could be an audit trail.
And then would you then enter any further
information?
When you're going to close, complete it,
but before it will be money.
Money added to this account, you know,
confirm which account it's gone to,
and then close this request once somebody
arrives.
It's just a case of alert to them.
It's arrived and in the closing request
of so, no more gathering.
For enrichment that you add on to that
request or we'd like to add on to that
request. For example, they're expecting,
let's just say 100,
000 coming in for this matter, 10,
000 coming in and then before close
complete you you've seen, let's received,
but actually it was only 5000,
it wasn't the right amounts.
Would that happen? Yeah, that can happen.
But on those occasions,
we'd go back and see what you've received.
Half the money is something changed.
Are you expecting more money to arrive?
If they say actually something has
changed and that's all we're receiving,
we're to close the request off.
But if they come back and said that,
we'd expect a second payment.
We would keep it opened until such time,
so I'm just thinking about a case where
you're saying, you know,
in that bit between waiting for it and
closing it.
You've got that workflow and ServiceNow
that can say confirmed monies equals the
request or close complete money disputed
from the amount received and then maybe
there's a record that says.
Yet change in circumstances changing,
you know, that's still closed, confirms,
but you've got some capturing details of,
you know, over time. Actually,
we had 10 requests and eight of them
matched the money and eight,
two of them didn't.
But you've got a supporting.
Audit trial for that. You know,
that's something we can enhance in
service. Now that you know you wouldn't,
you could just. There's a, you know,
a box that's populated with the amount
that's copied from the effective request
but can be altered and reconciled based
on the money that comes in.
And then it's closed. Eileen, sorry,
you go on.
Because in these tables,
if we do build out a form into service,
now we like take a a print out of that
until like APDF form because we for every
transaction we post them to fee,
we always like to put that back up into
the fee system.
That's supposing everything supposing and
that sells for an audit and stuff like
that as well.
So Mark, did you capture that question?
Yeah, it's a call.
Most records you can just right click and
take APDF.
Your version of it and then then load
that in.
We can we obviously we can check in terms
of the structure of it because sometimes
it can be depending on what you're you're
extracting and lifting.
It can be sort of fairly long.
Winded because you'll get all the work
notes and things like that,
but if you're happy with that full
content as your audit trail,
I don't think that'll be a problem.
Yeah. Because specifically for the UK,
when our auditors come in and they will
want to see copies of these tables,
so it needs to be an A readable format I
So, so,
so one of the things we do need to make
don't want.
sure is that we have, you know,
all of the right fields and things like
that with the right data in such in that
primary record that you want to use.
So that when you do drop it in,
it's got all the content that that is
required for evidence.
Yeah.
And Mark,
if we were able to print out APDF,
would that also then be time stamped?
Because I know a lot of the workflows
that go through ServiceNow are going to
be time stamped in ServiceNow.
But would the PDF also be time stamped or
could it be time stamped?
I think the only thing you get with PDF
is the is the date of which it was
And.
2nd.
OK.
created from that record.
OK, so it wouldn't have like the,
sorry when you said date created,
Parrot might be packed.
do you mean the date created the the PDF
is created or the date the request in
ServiceNow is created.
I'll let Parrick answer that when he's
got his hand up,
he'll have more insight on that than me.
Go ahead parikh.
Hi, mark. Thanks mark.
So in terms of the time stamps,
obviously the PDF itself will be will
have the created date etcetera.
The metadata for that date when you
created that date when you when you build
that PDF,
the data integrated in the in the PDF
itself,
it's going to be all your audit trails.
So that's going to be time stamped in
individually for each entry.
So you can use both to evidence the
request.
So.
We'll get a got a note to get a version
of what that looks like for you to have a
look. Yeah. Think I was thinking of it.
Can we all add into the?
Yeah. The other,
the other thing we have seen.
So I just to add one more.
The other bit we have seen for especially
for auditors who are coming in frequently
is special dashboards for them.
So we're going to look at creating
dashboards from the details of the cases,
slash matters you've done and put them on
a dashboard.
So you can show them when they're here.
To evidence.
So that's much more ideal time and much
I don't.
easier.
That wouldn't work for the UK auditors if
other auditors have got their own portal
that we have to upload details into their
portal so and they keep that captured as
Yeah, we can.
So all the dashboards as well, yeah,
England. Instead,
they're wanted to as needed.
to all all the dashboards as well up it
can be PDF, PDF too.
So we can create PDF copies of dashboards
as well.
So you have both options into your
requests or the full dashboard. Yeah.
Show me that as well, yeah.
Let me just go back through in terms of
resembling 3.
You could have the service now reference
maybe rather than you know sort of have
that number unique that will change,
that could be referred to service now.
So you've got rather than.
This PDF copies and we've got a
challenging.
Whether that reference to ServiceNow
request is sufficient because I would
have all your metrics that the date it
was requested, the date,
the money came in,
the amount that came in the date,
it was closed.
So you've got lots of different metrics
that you need.
Would that be sufficient for the auditor?
And equally, what are we,
auditor checking you against?
That's probably the next question.
So if we know that then we create fields
that are associated with that,
it might be actually we've got this one
piece of information,
it seemed that actually ServiceNow could
have easily picked that up.
So it's whether the reference would be
sufficient.
And if not,
what do we need to include for them to
sign off?
That audit's been done correctly.
The auditors are checking what we're
checking,
they're checking that the time or date
that the request has been received,
that it's before the money has been
received in three writes that the
information that was given to us.
Is the is what is actually showing in
three that we received the money against
that the client matches.
So the time sense can be quite important
to make sure that we've got the
information before the money is landed in
our account. It's in Australia,
it's not a.
But if we do anything that's against the
regulations, it's called a breach.
It's not a breach in Australia if we
don't do it,
but it's always just best practise to be
having that information before we've
proceeded the money, yeah.
OK. And I think we started today,
they very good at giving you that metrics
so that you're not much effectively going
back and doing that through history.
You know going back on.
So would it be useful therefore?
I suppose let's come back to that
reference in a minute that when you close
complete that the money's come in,
you've done those cheques.
The money is being received in three on a
certain day. You know,
you can start to have on your records.
You know,
there's three things that you mentioned
in ServiceNow and that also becomes
supporting evidence of.
The audits that you've done,
cheques that the auditors are checking
you on,
that you've done the cheques as it were.
Would that be helpful, you know,
request was before the money came in,
money has been received in three,
the amount is.
No money matches those three questions.
Yeah. Anything.
Any other thing is that if there's using
Martin's example,
if there's any change from the original
regards. So we're expecting 10,000,
we're going to receive five that there's
an option or there's space for us to.
Attach additional information or
additional supporting information from
the PE to say Yep, things have changed.
We are only expecting 5K now.
We're not expecting another five any
anytime soon. So you can close that. Yeah.
And that could be able to, you know,
rather than it be pretext we can have
that three that root cause of.
Yes,
matter change accepted by PE or you know
this is the amount I'm expecting more
later.
You know you can start to capture it
rather than just entering a free text on
that.
So we could get some of those criterias
of why I mean I don't know how often it
happens.
But equally got the amount worth more,
maybe just to find why you receive more
money if it's more difficult to explain
why it's less and if more money comes in
and what can happen quite often smells,
we'll see that money is coming from
source A.
And the money comes from a completely
different source.
So we have to go back to them and see the
money's came from someone different.
You use expecting the money from them.
And does this make sense and have they
been money laundered and stuff like that.
And looking back with the response of
some things,
I think there needs to be an option for
that free text because.
We want we we always want to cover our
own backside to swell that.
We have challenged something not right.
And if we know those come in as well,
Nope.
they will also look to make sure that the
people that have paid us money or money
we've paid paid money too.
Have been linked to this matter and what
that association is with the matter,
so we need to show that we have
challenged some things and we've got
people come in as a team right there.
So yeah, so once you've got that tree,
as I said that drop down you you will
also have your work notes that you can
add the commentary to you know you can
take inventionship with your own notes.
Yeah,
I was just going to say your
communications are all captured as well.
You're not sending separate emails and
stuff. It's all through service now.
So you'll be able to see a full chain of
all those conversations. Yeah,
I'll show you that a bit a bit later,
Parrot just sorry guys.
Parrot's had his hand up cup throughout
if you like.
And and.
so.
Thanks. Thanks mark. Just just, Debbie,
what you just said and looking at the a
OK.
few of the cheques,
which auditors do there are three or four
ways to do it.
Obviously that you guys have discussed
anyway one is we capture the right
details on the catalogue form itself so
that you know for each request type
you're capturing or the matter type
you're capturing all the details you need.
To submit that now when it come becomes a
matter itself,
then the ways of working on the matter
matter would be important. For example,
putting the data of communications,
etcetera, etcetera.
So we have to just make sure that we have
all the fields available and so it's not
to help you with that. And thirdly,
when you're working on things outside,
so it's not like 3.
So dates which you need to match,
for example they should be populated by
three either manually for now and then
hopefully we'll automate it at some point
so that ServiceNow becomes the centre of
the centre of, you know,
communication and source of truth for
most of your audits.
So three or four ways where we can solve
this for you and the metrics as well as
Debbie mentioned,
which will capture things at the back at
the back end as you're progressing
through your matter.
How long do you take to resolve,
what legal matter etcetera,
how much you know time it's taken to come
from this state one to state 2.
Or how many times are they?
Has it hopped from one team to another?
All those metrics can also be captured as
well in the back end.
We've got the requests coming in there
through the checklist checklist leading
questions,
but check the matter that's then.
You would then check that's the case,
and then you've got this ability to have
another checklist.
Make sure that the money has been
received, the correct amounts, etcetera.
And then that communication.
Then it's closed and at which point as
Phil was saying that the person could be
notified that that's complete, so if we.
In the case that we I haven't received
the money in account for a month or so,
which happens,
would that request just kind of stay on
our dashboard until we close it off? Yeah,
I mean,
it could be that it's wasn't just saying
your dashboard is this long. I mean,
what's the?
It will be a growing length of time,
you know,
so you can see these things are actually
taking longer. I don't know what.
So I mean when you receive typically from
the PE or the requester,
I mean it could be and that's probably
about it's coming in an hour. Oh,
did you get it today? Has it been?
We variation in that whole conversation
within a happy path if they're requesting,
if they're all up to date,
please know that when the money comes in
is as expected.
Normally a turn around you'll get it in
the 30 day periods or it could be, yeah.
Generally we're expecting a day of.
Following day, yeah,
all the following day. Yeah.
Couple of business days. Not for us.
We can have them.
We can wait months and months and months
when the funds to arrive because they
will say to the client we need you to pay
this to cover for the party costs and we
won't do any more work until you give us
that. If the clients are quick pay,
we'll get the money quickly.
But sometimes it's monthly.
So what share wells quick with that is
someone will say we expect the money to
arrive by the end of this month.
For example,
we can put that pending to the 1st of
November.
So it's kind of felt of the way it's
still there,
but it's not in the line of sight.
And then in the 1st of November,
it flicks back into an active queue and
we can kind of follow up with the the
fear and the money's still not here yet.
You still expecting that or is that a new
kind of expected? Yeah. Expected dates?
Yes.
All that check is we can add the date and
when that's breached or.
In the future that can come up on your
dashboards that most certainly I'm
thinking along.
Also having including maybe a reason for
the money, it could be the body parts,
it could be prepayment of legal fees or
it could be for settlement.
A few different reasons, but if it's for,
say, a settlement,
then it would be good to then have what's
the expected settlement date or expected
settlement month because then we could
have that if possible.
We can say we've proceeded the money,
but there's an expected settlement date
of the 31st of January 2027 and it's just
kind of hot stuff into back onto our
dashboard the month that we're expecting
settlement so that we know that we have
the the money still in the trust account
available and we'll expect that.
Settlement,
one of Australia's other processes is
statutory deposits which walk across.
Two two of our trust accounts,
which are our two biggest ones,
we can't keep the full balance of our
trust account of our trust money in our
account.
So we have to deposit a certain
percentage of that every 12:45 of our
regulatory bodies.
Which means that if we've only got $2,000,
000 sitting in our trust account for
Melbourne,
but we know we've got a $4 million
settlement coming up,
we need a minimum 24 hours to get that
money back from our Regulatory Board
board to then be able to have the funds
in our account to pay that settlement.
So I'm just trying to.
I think good cross.
Yeah, within that workflow,
you sort of got if settlement accounts,
you know there is that sub task that
comes from that and would the requester
know you get that info,
you know the reason for the money are
they entering that?
Information.
Or is that something you're populating
afterwards, Hun?
I think we I think in Australia we just
ask for it. It's not a field on the form,
but we ask it's it's good to know and
If it.
it's something to track and we all do.
I'm just thinking people.
We'll get the regulatory compliance.
If it.
If it's something that you're going to
ask the client to do,
then it's worthwhile locking it in a pick
list.
So if you know you've got sort of the
common ones that are being asked because
Yeah.
it will,
then logically steer them to select and
you can make that mandatory and then if
they select it's a settlement you can put
by that selection you can pop up a.
Window that then enables them to select
the date of when that settlement's due,
Yeah.
so we can you can get those controls
through the form.
Yeah. And in that case,
if I have a settlement of 30th of January
2027,
then once we close off that request
because we've received the money into our
trust account,
it would create a kind of sub task to pop
up.
Within the,
you know within the month of that
Well, you've got.
settlement, right?
It depends. Yeah.
So what you it depends what you do with
the state of the case,
because if you if once it,
the money's in you might you might have a
state money's in waiting you know waiting
final transaction or something and then
you can drive your dashboard by any of
those that are in that state.
Or when is the due date and you can have
a flag say five days,
5 working days before that date to enable
you to see on your dashboard anything
that pops up red that you need to.
You obviously take action on. Yeah,
there's a number of ways of doing it.
I think what what we probably just need
to do is work through the specific go on
parrot.
Got hand up.
Thanks, mark.
Just to add to your point around states
right there,
there's a again a principle we follow the
the state field,
which you might see on the matter that
state field is is very generic because
that kind of corresponds to the general
request state,
but which are the if there are specific
reasons to which you are putting a state
on,
you can actually have something called a
sub state which we can create.
Very, very specific to each workflow,
just like Mark mentioned. You know,
if you are awaiting money transfer you
can put your state to pending,
but you can put a sub state to money
transfer so that you can break down why
you're putting something pending.
What we generally don't like to do is
change the actual state model of the
platform.
For each process,
but we actually try and complement that
with a sub state which is specific to
each flow and then that sub state can
also drive activities within your back
end workflow which is going on.
For example after putting something in
depending you have to wait for four days
to do the next action.
We can make make sure that's programmed
into the flow to begin the next activity
at the at the right time based on a
business schedule or whatever that
threshold is.
So there are a lot of avenues to play
around with this and the and lastly,
what I want to mention is there,
there's a very powerful capability called
service level agreements and OP Olas,
which we generally use in IT.
But to check these time bound thresholds
and to create reports and create warnings
or or e-mail e-mail based alerts,
you can actually leverage that capability
as well to track a longer timeline.
If it's 1824 months in the in the future
or six months or three months in the
future.
Then that kind of always appears under
your matter as a separate line item and
show and shows how you are meeting that
guide timeline as well,
and then that can drive you to, you know,
take certain actions as well manually.
So multiple ways to do it.
I just want to mention that.
Could that settlement date be tied into a
report that can build or something?
If somebody say we're going to transact
in the 1st of December and then we close
that ticket off,
but then we could run a report saying
Yeah.
actually we've got 10 people that have
said the 1st of December because one of
the biggest challenges we've got as a
team is.
We don't know what volumes we're going to
get on a day-to-day basis.
So when you're trying to organise team
meetings and stuff like that, it's yeah,
just open that you get a quiet period for
another to do it.
But as if we had some sort of report that
said actually on Monday and Tuesday,
the volumes are going to be higher to
help us.
Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty.
I'm pretty certain.
Definitely can report that. So that's.
I'm pretty certain that that can be
sorted for you just to even out that,
Yeah.
otherwise you get a demand spike is what
what you're describing, isn't it,
where you've got lots to do on one single
day and you want to be able to pre empt
and even it out? Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
And I know it won't always back that we
get people telling us like when it
transacted in the 1st of December and
then it still gets kept for another six
months because things change.
But it gives us more visibility than what
we've got right now.
What we can also do is have interactive,
so.
Settlement date in the next three months
settlement date in the next seven days.
Seven days,
which has passed in the last seven days.
For example. Yeah,
that's all we need to start a bit there.
So it's very easy for you to have them
and that's always a good,
very powerful ones. But again,
that effective date and settlement dates.
So.
OK, that's good.
Just going by reminding my own question,
having that ServiceNow referenced while
the PDF,
it says it's challenging that wouldn't
out, you know,
these things that can then go into the
boss or they get they can be attached to
an e-mail then they you know.
I'm only challenging completing like
reports when you e-mail them,
they can be changed and all you know that
types of when you're when we put stuff
into free,
don't want everybody across the
businesses get access to view those
attached. Well, not everybody.
But once people get access to view those
attachments and even across teams so.
The billing team could issue a bill and
it could be disbursements on it.
They won't have access to a ServiceNow
dashboard to look up at the ticket to get
back up,
but as they can get the back up from
three so to see if them happen to come to
us. So and again,
lawyers and all that can get access to to
view.
Request the stuff for the free system
because it can drive into the transaction,
but if it was all stored in service now
only they would always have to come
through as to get that back up.
So it's not just from the audit point of
view,
it's from visibility of other people in
the business.
OK.
We've done the new request coming in so
and do you have situations where there's
any exceptions or VI,
PS or some things are handled by
exception?
I don't know if you have any of those,
we might say, well,
everyone is in the VIP.
Yeah,
but are there particular things you know,
as you said,
there's probably large amounts, yeah,
that are handled differently or you have
to get anything differently with them.
I think the main thing for us is
prioritising when we know settlements is
going to be.
So if we have funds that are coming in
today and they have.
To go out today that gets prioritised
over the sun's coming in today,
but it's going out next week.
That's probably the only difference.
Everyone. Everything is. Yeah,
it's a second one.
Ones that have the priority. Yeah. Yeah.
It doesn't really matter in the value at
the end of the day if a client needs
money paid out, and that's 1 LB and 100,
000,000 lbs,
that client wants the transaction
approved.
So it's all about the next thing for us
is visibility of when these requests are
coming through. And I think when.
The requests are going to come through
already,
can automate it saying that it's a
payment that's going to give us quicker
visibility. What is right now,
it's almost just like an inbox and we
have to go into each one, what request is.
So I think that's this is going to be
Yes, what?
more efficient help you there. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
One of the things we'd aim to do in the
Yeah.
presentation on your workspace would be
to knowing that that's the priorities.
Just pick up on that.
You know the date that it needs to be
paid sort of thing.
And then you you get your list in that
order.
Yeah.
So the top of the list is the ones you
know,
that there's a payment that you have to
make and then further down the list of
those that, you know, less,
less critical and that can be sorted at
you as a as a base level for you in your
workspace.
Yeah.
So then if we have that settlement day
option when we're receiving funds into
trust and if they say it's, you know,
settlements today or settlements tomorrow
that can be pushed right up to the top of
our. But it's really easily,
I guess Martin said same thing they.
It's really hard to figure out what's
sitting in our show of queuing without
which going to ever since, yeah,
certainly.
Yeah.
The key thing is to grab that data to
enable us to present it in that order.
Hmm.
Yeah,
because I think in shareware we've got
like 1 dashboard view,
but we can have multiple here, can't we?
So we just build the rules behind that
around what view you want to see and
you're just clicking through the
different dashboards to see that you know.
So what your day looks like,
what your what next week looks like,
what next month like that you can display
that.
And just a quick question,
how many cashiers in each location?
I there's six in my team,
one is my manager.
She doesn't get involved in the sort of
the the business as usual transactional
stuff,
but there's sort of five of us in that
week after that we have 4 1/2,
including a team leader.
OK, I'm just thinking as well it will it.
You know you can assign to a particular
person, you know,
pick up the queue so you can also see
your leverage of work across your team.
You know,
maybe two people are working on one,
seven people are working on the. Yeah,
that's what we tend to do.
But you're in charge of all the time
account transactions today.
So they will get assigned to that person.
So someone else is in charge of something
else,
and we did those tasks like weekly or
fortnightly.
You don't have this. You don't have.
You do have a role based matrix,
so this person deals with these clients
or anything like that. No, it's. Yeah.
It's more rather than dedicating it to
clients.
It's your task today is to look after the
client account, someone else's task.
That is to look after.
Receipts that are coming to the office
account, for example,
and doesn't matter if it's a specific
client or not.
They're dealing with everything in that
area,
but you set that on a through your team,
weekly meetings or monthly meetings, yeah.
And then just do it monthly.
That's right,
to rotate the tasks of the fortnight
between the team,
but dependent holidays and stuff like
that spell we could have, as you know,
and be able to assign so that you're not
having to assign tickets on a daily basis.
We do ours on a quarterly basis,
so it could be a bit easier for that.
To assign in Australia because we do
split of trust to accounts to accounts,
office receding and then some of the
other like stuff,
we did have auto assign on dawn with
everybody in the team still have
visibility of that. Yeah. Yeah.
Just in case not that we not at lunch.
And it can be reassigned, you know,
and but you get to see all, you know,
you've got full transparency of what
everybody's doing.
So that is the aspiration across the
teams is that we make the move to auto
assignment.
We just need to understand if you're
rotating that what basis that's on and
yeah and understand that.
Yeah,
and and just just over the top of that
team, the,
the other thing to consider is that the
way that the groups, you know,
if you're defining players associated,
there's a little bit of an admin overhead
to to apply those rotors.
So you know it may be that you, you know,
the teams just know what they're doing
and it's a central group.
They just pick out those items that are
pertinent to them rather than carry a
sort of service overhead to adjust the
administration of the auto routing,
which is often why we break groups down
into skill or whatever,
because it supports the auto routing a
little bit easier.
But if you've got a general pool of
players.
It does make that a little bit difficult
from an administrative perspective.
That makes sense.
It's.
Yourself. Exceptions, man.
You get the control finally. Tell me this.
I think it will probably be one of the
ones that. Sorry, mark.
I was just going to say that I think
it'll be one of those ones that we build
So does so does that.
it in a certain way,
but we'll iterate it as we go off.
So we can obviously manually rotating
that. But we don't really want that.
That to continue,
and it may be that once we go in and
understand the system a bit better and
how things move between people,
they actually don't need to do that
rotation.
They can just do that and you get into
the advisor. But initially,
as you said that auto refine will give
you know as you come in use your
dashboard as your daily calendar like.
Sure.
OK, I've got this.
How much have I got today?
Or this person doesn't have, you know,
you could reassign on that basis,
but rather than going in and assigning on
a daily basis the first part,
the first part of all,
it will be assigned to.
And then you could reallocate accordingly.
If you need to think about violence
functions as well,
we we've got skill sets.
You don't kind of break it by skills
because it might be lots of time upfront,
but you can just do it basically.
But I've got these on the faces.
I'm sure it's like all these faces.
So basically that I just started, yeah.
I know that as you can't think Mr Joe's
Convention. Yeah. What's that?
But think about skills. Capacity.
What's coming in the future as you talk
about huge planning as well.
You start to build that that sort of
mechanism.
So do you guys have skills matrices and
please do you use them just now?
Yes, we do. So we could share that. Yeah,
that'd be great. Yeah.
OK, that's good.
I've seen this word come up a few times.
So you when we were sort of electronic
payments coming in by both bank cheque
but you know do you receive payments in
any other way that's sort of there's a
theme that runs through some of the
processes.
But we've done something happy path of
the money flow.
It's lovely to the bank account that you
can receive money apart from cash.
There might be other mechanisms that you
need it.
I have not seen a check payment in
Australia in a while.
We've been close to 12 months,
but it's not to say we don't receive
check payments that.
Is that bank cheque?
I think that might be outgoing funds
though, OK.
That might be outgoing. OK, incoming not.
The incoming the cheques was that.
And I'll charge that one for you.
Thanks again for money kind of decline
account. We only get it by bank transfer.
We do sometimes get cheques for office
account stuff,
but that's not what we're covering right
now.
And it's office for us, too. Oh, OK. Yeah.
Sorry. Close. Always.
We don't accept it's cash and you know,
for client investor. So. No. Yeah,
that would be great. OK, that's good.
So that might that's just for office.
Yeah,
clients will then cheques the payment of
invoices on the occasion.
Let me have a look that's still on all
client and trust management.
Transfer. Talk about this evening.
Ledger statement.
They didn't because it's all up a couple
of them.
I think we've covered the overall path
right.
They've got the request coming in the
whip with auto,
fine to working on it in checklists.
The amounts and maybe the changing amount,
whichever way small commentary the
receipt that's actually been received and
that PDF and supporting evidence of that
and then close and at that point again
notifications can go back to the request
there.
To say on those dashboards say that this
has been completed.
Is there any other half that need to be
complete or is that considered then done?
That's yeah, yeah.
That's the side of things. As I said,
if someone has to pass for an interest
account, we wouldn't.
On the back of that,
go and do that off our own steam.
We wouldn't need any more involvement
from the from the fairness.
I don't know if how we track that the
system, I don't know.
I'm just thinking on the back of that,
maybe the task of interest account.
Opened, yeah, that we can generate.
So a part of your workflow,
although you wouldn't see it that you
could be triggered,
interest account opens and then whatever
cheques that so you would open it,
I think you wouldn't capture them.
The details of that account,
they're probably housing degree,
is that correct? Yes,
it's not a physical bank account.
Of course, an account number. Anyway,
it's kind of like a virtual type account.
So yeah,
and then you could do the accounts,
you have the naming convention.
I don't know if you capture that,
but again, we probably have that.
But you could say interest account opened
when when it's open.
So for all the purposes,
what kind of information do they need to
know? But it was.
The state it's opens its jurisdiction or
where it's open we would we would always
open it same day if possible,
but our banking system cuts off at 4:00
PM. OK.
So if the money was generated after that
time,
we would just open the account the next
day instead. OK. Well, yeah,
it's always going to be done within 24
hours, essentially.
Any other details that you need on it,
why it's held or currency or the fact
that it's open and then and then you go
through the post complete, can any? Sorry,
Anna. Sorry, Josh,
you go just to wrap up that point.
Can that go to anybody in the in your
team to open the interest,
has it hasn't got to be the person when
we?
Anybody in the team can set it up,
but it then has to go to someone in the
team to authorise it.
Anybody in the team that does that and so
we want to make sure we're not moving
along and the naming convention of
Dickens all correct.
So needs organisation approval processing
that.
An official or a paycheck?
Do they just look at it and say it's
official on the banking platform? So what?
It's 2 users have to do something in the
bank. One person creates,
one person approves on the banking
platform. On that side. Yeah. OK.
I'm just thinking in service now you
would capture.
Those two approvals potentially, yeah,
we can say do one approval,
two start from the process for the two
approvals and you could get physical
names of its people that audit trail if
if you want to do it there or there, yes,
yeah.
OK, it's better there. Yeah. Thank.
Thank you. Anna. Yeah. Sorry.
Australia is a little bit different.
We can't.
You're gonna hear that a lot today.
We can't open big CMA accounts ourselves
on our banking platform we have.
To send a form off to ANZ,
which at that bank to do it so the client
has to complete a form themselves for us
with client information and so that has
to that form.
This is why generally the partners will
then instigate whether the CMA is
appropriate for the client or not because
we provide.
Provide a form to the partner.
Partner then provides the form to the
client. Client sends us this form back,
which is a bank specific form.
We send that off to the bank bank and say
yeah,
a bank will come back and today an
account's ready to be open,
but we need a signature signatures to.
Open that for you.
So there's Jill two signatures authorised
by ANZ. They'll have to sign this form,
send it back,
and then the CMA will be open then.
And that's useful,
but the fact that maybe you still got the
same workflow that interest accounts or
these accounts are being opened,
your process is slightly differently,
but it's still a state that needs to go
through.
That's part you see for all wise it's
been and it's been completed or set up
and then.
Closed.
You're capturing the activity even though
the details of which you know you capture
partners seeing form the approvals have
been done instead of you know received.
So you've got a different sort of
checklist you have got the two approvals,
you've got a different set of checklist.
That can be completed and do you think
that's the place to to do it or yes. Yeah,
that's it.
So you notice the workflow state is the
same,
your details of which because of your
location big can be entity differently to
approve as yours.
The fact that you've got this workflow
that's done not by your team but outside
of outside of your team because they're
capturing that, yeah.
Spacements cool. Yep, got it.
So no.
And then when you close close the
translation, no approval is required.
There's no poundage you said,
or 2 million or 20 million.
It is just money to receive.
There's no live cheques or peer reviews
that you doubled for the view that the
money.
Is like it said it is.
Is that in place or is it just the person
that's doing the the cheques?
Then just closing the request when the
money has second?
Obviously we check it matches all a
different.
We've been told we have been posted to
the system.
My team does a peer check at the end of
the day.
It's like a report that we do and.
Probably put on a more MPL was a separate
task,
so we run the boards from three and
statements from the bank and make sure
that some balances off and some reviews
to make sure everything's been posted to
the connected place,
and I'm wondering about the bulk activity
Those details are posted to take the
place well. I'm wondering.
you could do at the end of the day in
service now that they've been reviewed.
That's the bulk activity you do at the
end of the day in ServiceNow,
but they've been reviewed, you know,
reviews reviewed, close complete. Yeah,
it's and share.
We would have been boxes been called
scheduled requests and almost someone
almost acts as a reminder.